---
layout: post
title: '2024'
date: 2024-01-01 18:43 -0300
tags: personal
---

In 2023, much like the preceding year, a myriad of significant events unfolded in my life. Despite engaging in various pursuits, I find myself not entirely content with the outcomes. Nevertheless, I am grateful for the experiences that have shaped the year.

Among the highlights, I enjoyed a well-deserved vacation, exchanged vows with the love of my life, and celebrated a commendable advancement in both salary and position within my current job. This progression brings me a step closer to realizing my overarching ambition of becoming a Senior Software Developer.

In addition to my professional endeavors, I undertook freelance development projects to augment my income, specifically to contribute to the financing of my wedding. I successfully accomplished three out of the five goals I had set for myself in 2023. Regrettably, the principal objective of maintaining a healthy diet and lifestyle eluded me, and I am mindful of its significance as early signs of its neglect have surfaced.

Looking ahead to 2024, I am determined not to sideline my health-related goals. Despite the challenges, I am resolute in prioritizing a healthy lifestyle. Anyway, here are my goals for the upcoming year:

### Goals for 2024 - **Finished**

- [X] **Read ten or more books**
> Since I now own a Kindle, it's been way easier to read the books I was trying to before.
- `Unlike 2022, I did actually read way more in 2023. Still, it wasn't ten books, but I'm somewhat happy with the outcome. For this year, I intend to read those ten books and more if possible.`

- [ ] **Maintain a healthy diet and life style**
> No need to explain.

- [X] **Try to gain at least one salary raise this year**
> No need to explain.
- `Just like in 2023, I'm not looking for a new job. I'm happy with the current one I have right now, and sometimes I do some freelancing since my contract allows it. I find it more fulfilling than switching the context as a whole with a new Job.`

- [X] **Travel ~~at least~~ Twice**
> No need to explain. My wife enjoys traveling a lot, so I do need to go to another city/state/country most of the time to make her happy.

- [ ] **Publish one Gem at ruby gems website**
> I never had this in mind, but in 2023, I started the development of one Gem, and I intend to finish it and publish in 2024..

- [ ] **Start a sideproject and finish it**
> Like the Ruby Gem goal, I feel like I'm getting pushed out of the new stuff in the Rails ecosystem. I believe that is important to me to be up-to-date with the tech and tools available. In the end, I am just thinking of creating a small application with it.

- [X] **Get more experience to reach the level of a Senior developer**
> No need to explain.

---

Edited on:
- 2025-05-01: Added `X` markings to the goals I achieved
