---
layout: post
title: '2025'
date: 2025-01-01 00:59 -0300
tags: personal
---
In 2024, a lot of good things happened in my life. Reflecting on my goals from 2022 and 2023, I’m proud to say I’ve accomplished most of my work-related objectives. That doesn’t mean it’s time to settle or get too comfortable, though. While I value leisure and downtime, the grind isn’t stopping anytime soon.

In 2025, I want to explore new hobbies and revive some old, healthy habits. My wife and I also plan to tackle some long-term financial decisions, like purchasing a car and a house, as well as reevaluating whether traveling twice a year still fits into our future plans.

Looking ahead, I’m especially determined to grow as a tech leader. My focus is on improving my leadership skills, finding effective ways to guide my team, and making meaningful contributions to the company—not just through better code, but by suggesting ideas and driving value in other areas.

### Goals for 2025 **On going**

- [ ] **Read more than twenty-five books**
> This includes programming, leadership, and fiction genres.

- [ ] **Maintain a healthy diet and life style**
> No need to explain.

- [ ] **Publish one Gem at ruby gems website**
> I never had this in mind, but in 2023, I started the development of one Gem, and I intend to finish it and publish in 2024.

- [ ] **Start a sideproject and finish it**
> Like the Ruby Gem goal, I feel like I'm getting pushed out of the new stuff in the Rails ecosystem. I believe that is important to me to be up-to-date with the tech and tools available. In the end, I am just thinking of creating a small application with it.

- [ ] **Travel ~~at least~~ once**

- [ ] **Publish ~~at least~~ five blog posts**
> I want to write more this year. I believe I have valuable tips and project-related experiences worth sharing, and blogging is a great way to document and contribute. I also need to improve my English writing vocabulary.

- [ ] **Try different activies outside the programming/tech bubble**
